docs(ByAltText): Add notes about support for custom elements (#946)
testing-library/testing-library-docs: docs/queries/byalttext.mdx

```

This will return the element (normally an `<img>`) that has the given `alt`

> text. Note that it only supports elements which accept an `alt` attribute or [custom elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements) (since we can't know if a custom elements implements `alt` or not):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text. Note that it only supports elements which accept an `alt` attribute or [custom elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Web_Components/Using_custom_elements) (since we don't know if a custom element implements `alt` or not):
```
